Infinitely Beta Programming Assignment
--------------------------------------

Problem Statement:

1. Create a web application with a page that always displays two
sections:
       (a) form
       (b) report

2.      The form should have an URL entry text box and a submit button.

3.      User submits the form. If the URL is blank or not an HTTP scheme,
the form should be redisplayed with an appropriate message.

4.      The URL provided should be fetched behind the scenes. URL fetching
should be immediate unless the domain has been hit in the last 5
seconds, in which case the program should delay to ensure that no
domain receives a request from this application more than twice in 5
seconds.

5.      The URL should be fetched over HTTP behind the scenes. If the
result is not HTML, the form should be redisplayed with an appropriate
message.

6.      The HTML should be parsed for headings (H1, H2, etc.) and a report
should be created, consisting of a table listing all heading texts
that contain at least 4 English vowels. The table should have two
columns; in the first column is the heading level (H1 is 1, H2 is 2,
etc.) and in the second column is the text of the heading with any
internal HTML tags stripped or escaped. The table rows should be
sorted from most vowels to fewest. The table may optionally have a
heading row.

7.      The report detailed in #6 is the report mentioned in #1. The
report is global so another user updating the report updates the one
you see in your browser upon refresh as well.

8.      The page should have some minor styling for presentation.



Requirements:

	sun-java6-jdk
	Play framework [http://scala.playframework.org/]
	


Keypoints of solution:

- When url is successfully fetched and parsed, it is cached for 5 seconds. 
  This is done to make sure url is not requested more than twice in 5 seconds.
- The result generated is cached indefinitely in order to make it global.
  When the page is requested, the result is fetched from the cache and displayed.

Screenshots:

http://postimage.org/image/lxsqyo4/

